and so we have this fight and we do it
wherever we want to do it we don't we
don't hide our fights and the two people
who were there were like that was a
fight they just like they didn't they
didn't even know it was a fight Welcome
to our series on how to have great
fights in romantic relationships fights
where you deepen your connection where
you learn from each other where you grow
get over your trauma and fall more and
more in love with each other over time I
have taught thousands of people through
this journey and I've coach some of the
most notable names in Silicon Valley the
best way to make use of this series is
to go to our Channel and to watch them
in order and remember don't trust
anything I say make sure you test it out
for yourself I remember this time with
my wife we we had gone through this
phase of fighting all the time I mean
our fights were so horrific and we had
leared that the fights were just
basically verbal abuse that we were
abusing each other and so we had like
stopped fighting and we started tracking
our Rel relationship by like how often
we fought right so it was like we were
doing good if we weren't fighting as
much and we were doing worse if we were
fighting more and now days that idea is
like ludicrous to us right and it's not
like we don't judge it by how much we
fight we judge it by how we fight that's
how we're judging our relationship so we
have been in situations recently this
happened we were like preparing for a
retreat we're both tired we're going
into this thing that's just like it it's
a super intense thing the the Retreats
that we do like we work from 7:30 in the
morning until 10:30 at night 7 days in a
row and so it's definitely where we're
going to be like most afraid and so we
have this fight and we do it wherever we
want to do it we don't we don't hide our
fights we just s like yeah this is our
fight so we're having our fight and
we're doing it and we're doing in front
of the folks that we like are
facilitating with right like and the end
of it it was like this three or four
minute fight in the end of it I was like
oh I'm I'm like it's really hard to
fight with you and I'm I'm glad we
resolv that I love you and the two
people who were there were like that was
a fight they just like they didn't they
didn't even know it was a fight but for
us it was a fight and it was it was an
important fight and so the reason that
we don't judge it by how often we fight
anymore is because fighting is really
really important and the reason that
it's important is because it's like all
life requires tension if I'm going to
breathe my lungs have to have tension if
a cell's going to exist it has to have
tension so as we grow as we live as
we're alive as we change as people
there's going to be tension and the more
transformation that we have in our life
the more tension there's going to be
there and so we need to address that
tension for us to be vital and alive and
healthy there's this great metaphor and
I think there was a guy who wrote The
Black Swan and he has this idea that
basically financial markets need to have
tension on a regular basis for them to
be healthy and so he says big collapses
in the market happen because little
collapses aren't allowed to happen
because of monetary policy as that
sounds weird but an easier way to think
about it is we're healthy physically
because we physically give ourselves
tension through exercise and if we don't
then we're unhealthy and the Falls are
really really big so any kind of system
requires kind of a regular tension to
stay healthy
and it's the same in a marriage or in a
relationship there's some tension that's
really required the question is how do
you handle that tension and that's the
really important part but but if you
judge your relationship by how many
fights you have well then you're you're
kind you have the wrong metric for a
healthy relationship it's how you fight
are you fighting with love are you
fighting with an open heart are you
fighting with respect or have you
completely lost your nervous system are
you completely complely out of control
are you are you being abusive are you
being mean are you have you lost
yourself are you being who you want to
be in that fight so you some people
might not even call it a fight but I'm
going to call it a fight here because
it's just so important that we have that
friction in a relationship so the
avoidance of the friction is an
amazingly detrimental thing to a
relationship because it basically kills
it it stagnates it and so that having
that friction is is just critical it's
just how you have it that's
important hey everybody thanks for
watching the video if you've made it
this far then your partner is probably
pretty lucky you're dedicated to making
the relationship better if you want to
make sure that you get everyone in the
series hit subscribe below also the
connection course is so pivotal if you
really want to deepen your connection
with one other person or just how to
connect with people in general and it is
the tools that you need to be able to
take this video series as a course so I
highly recommend it we have them on a
regular basis you can find it at artof
accomplishment. comom and enjoy